Ursa port (#1068)
NOAA-EMC/UFS_UTILS: CMakeLists.txt

  find_package(sigio 2.3.0 REQUIRED)
endif()
find_package(ip 3.3.3 REQUIRED)
# Can't use ip v5 without sp because modfications would need to be
# made to global_cycle routine sfcsub.F, which is part of
# ccpp-physics repo.
#if(ip_VERSION LESS 5.0)
  find_package(sp 2.3.3 REQUIRED)

> #endif()

Reviewer: Could this be shortened to:
```
# Please don't use ip v5 without sp
```
and remove lines 123-125 and 127 ?

Reviewer 2: I think at least a `TODO` should remain.  We should be migrating to ip for all sp functionality as sp will no longer be maintained.  This is just a postponement until the ccpp-physics package has the proper `#ifdef` blocks added.  Perhaps:

```suggestion
# TODO: Disable sp when using ip v5.0+.
#       This requires an update to ccpp-physics and global_cycle's sfcsub.F module.
  find_package(sp 2.3.3 REQUIRED)
#endif()
```

Author: @DavidHuber-NOAA - agree. Will use your wording.

Author: Done at 84f78f7.
